Update subviews section (#24738)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/dashboards/views.markdown

## Subview

> View can be marked as "Subview". Subviews won’t show up in the navigation bar on top or the side bar. Subviews can for instance be used to show detailed information; you could link to this subview from a page with a clean look with only basic information (by using using [cards that support the `navigate` action](/dashboards/actions)). Think of a view with a few thermostats and a subview with status information of the heating/cooling device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View can be marked as "Subview". Subviews won’t show up in the navigation bar on top of the sidebar. Subviews can, for instance, be used to show detailed information; you could link to this subview from a page with a clean look with only basic information (by using [cards that support the `navigate` action](/dashboards/actions)). Think of a view with a few thermostats and a subview with status information on the heating/cooling device.
```
